ladies and gentlemen Don Rickles I'd
like to say first of all the fish was
lousy
surely oh that's right they're honoring
you uh surely I say from my heart I
never read your book I don't plan to we
go back a long time in the Sahara Hotel
you're always a great star veneer you
reminded us every night what a great
star you were your brother who's sitting
in the back wanted this evening to be
all about him again I know your brother
very well and I never liked him
but I can't I care to all of you because
I'll never see you people again I don't
need you people I'm 86 years old and I'm
spitting up and I know I got a couple
hours to go
so I'm not gonna kiss your ass I'm not
gonna do anything
Shirley has to because she still thinks
she's got years it's been a great night
it really has it's been about 18 hours
of crap
telling you how wonderful you are and
you know damn well surely it's over it's
over you'll go back to where the hell
you're living in Arizona and suck out a
plant for a half-hour
Jack Douglas is in the pack one son of a
but you didn't mention my mate now he's
not here tonight he's with the Lakers
oiling their jocks I'll tell you this
Oh Julia Roberts you live next to me at
the beach you know that thanks for all
the visits anyway
I'm living about two blocks broad never
shows up come by and say hello have no
lines Jule you just not anyway surely on
behalf of all these wonderful people
performers and otherwise Barbara and I
my wife of 47 years we've known you so
long the days in the Sahara as I said
may God be good to you and why not
because you have a charm and a warmth
and a class I've known a lot of people
in this business but I'm so proud that
you asked me to be here tonight may God
be good to you and take care of you
because when the light goes on not only
as an actress but as human being you
make a person feel at home and loved
thank you so much
[Applause]